Add Azure IoT Hub and FOTA libraries and samples (#2715)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: include/net/azure_fota.rst

.. _lib_azure_fota:

Azure FOTA
##########

The Azure firmware over-the-air (Azure FOTA) library provides a way to parse `Azure IoT Hub device twin messages`_ to obtain firmware upgrade information and perform FOTA downloads.
This library is used by the :ref:`azure_fota_sample` sample.

The JSON format and content used in this library are based on the recommendations in `Azure Firmware Over The Air (FOTA)`_.
The library processes the incoming JSON string and searches for a specific object in the device twin that contains the firmware upgrade information.
The expected format of a ``firmware`` object is as shown below:

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

   {
   	"firmware": {
		"fwVersion": "v1.0.3",
		"fwLocation": {
       			"protocol": "https:",
			"host": "<hostname>",
			"path": "<filename>.bin"
		},

> 		"fwFragmentSize" : 1800

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		"fwFragmentSize": 1800
```

Reviewer: Not fixed.

Author: Should be okay now (also the other occurence)

	}
   }

The library uses ``fwVersion`` to determine whether the firmware should be downloaded or not.
Currently, a new version of the firmware is downloaded and applied only if the version is different from the current firmware version.

Currently, the library does not use the ``protocol`` field.

> Instead, the :option:`CONFIG_AZURE_FOTA_TLS` option is used at compile-time to specify the transport protocol to be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, the :option:`CONFIG_AZURE_FOTA_TLS` option is used at compile-time to specify if HTTPs should be used as the transport protocol.
```

This is a boolean switch, so the protocol cannot be configured.

The ``fwFragmentSize`` field specifies the maximum fragment size for the file that should be downloaded in each HTTP request.
Below are the maximum total fragment sizes in different scenarios:

* With TLS: 2 KB including the HTTP header
* Without TLS: 4 KB

> ``fwFragmentSize`` should therefore be set lower than the maximum buffer size to keep space for the HTTP header also.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``fwFragmentSize`` should therefore be set to a value lower than the maximum buffer size to reserve space for the HTTP header.
```
